Carlos, you have already helped
us draw the vision, to see where
we want to get, but we have to
do another analysis now.
So is it.
And it is an internal analysis to
know ourselves better, because
depending on whether we know each
other better or worse, we will make
better or worse decisions.
So is it.
If they are more aligned with
our characteristics, that is something
very important.
If Messi had been put to play basketball,
I don't know if he's about 65
or so, because it't be what
he is.
It's an extreme example, but I
think we all need to do that effort.
The goal is to know what our
strengths, our weaknesses
and what is what motivates
us most.
So is it.
How will we do it?
Look, it is called the journey
to the past and it really deepens
into this that many ancient philosophers
have said is fundamental,
that is know yourself,
as Socrates said.
What is the journey to the past?
It consists of Step number
one, identifying all
experiences, not only
professional, but also some
personal, now I will put some
examples, which have happened
in our lives since we are very young.
All the jobs, of course.
And besides that, if I was
the captain of a football team,
if I was part of a choir in school,
if I gave private classes,
if I was a swimming pool monitor,
then that too.
And identify the experiences
first, make the complete list.
That is step number one.
The most important experiences.
They are not the most important ones,
they are those that are relevant
where we have performed some activity.
and relevant.
Where we have performed some
activity, I say, all the work
and non-working activities
that have to do with our
hobbies, having formed part
of some team or having
developed any type of activity,
hobby or hobby.
That is the first.
And after each of those, which
can be a significant number, so
this exercise takes time and
that you have to reserve a time
to do it, you have to do the
following.
You need to fill out a data
table in which we will put what
the experience consists of,
when it happened, is important,
at what time.
We must always go from the
oldest to the newest.
And then, what has been?
The three things we liked
about this experience?
The best memory we have but written
with a level of detail, as if I
was telling the story to a friend
and telling how I felt, what
I thought, with whom I interacted,
what happened, what was
the moraleja, etc.
And then the three things I liked
least, the ones I really hated,
the ones I would have removed
from that experience if I could.
A global rating is a
global rating that can be
from 0 to 10.
That is, summarizing, what, when,
three things better, the best memory
with a higher level of detail possible,
the worst, the three things that
I have least liked and
the overall evaluation.
I'm going to do a very fast incise and
I'm going to do it on the walk
because I haven't done this exercise.
I was a basketball coach when
I was between 15 and 17, I think
more or less.
The three good things, I learned
a lot of children's leadership
topics that I never did again.
I learned that I liked training
more than playing well and I it a lot.
Do you remember any specific moment?
It is a key moment of the experience.
I remember a game where we
struck the opposing team, which
was not the goal of struck,
but in which we all realized
that the effort we were
doing all, we as coaches and
they that we had achieved
that motivation, despite
being very incredible kids,
that effort was having
a reward and we were the
best team without a doubt.
It was the fruit of the fact that the
children were more talented, that
it could be, but that teamwork,
effort and so on has its consequences.
Three bad things, I don't remember
now, maybe I imagine having to get
up on Saturdays soon had come out
on Friday or something like that
and a global rating of 0 to 10,
an 8 for example.
I just wanted to tell it quickly
to illustrate how the analysis
of such an experience
is.
It's an example that goes perfectly
for us, the theme is that you've
done it from an experience, you've
done it quickly, when this is
done slowly and it's done from
all the experiences we've had,
patterns emerge and that's the next
exercise we're going to propose
to our audience and it's that
they identify the patterns that
emerge, what they are, what I'm
strong about.
The Fortress.
Weaknesses also emerge, what
I don't like or feel uncomfortable
with, and what motivates
me also emerges.
For in your case you discovered that motivated
you or you were much better training
than playing and it was a discovery
you made, I don't know if that
then has served you in the future
to do other things but it's a
pattern that has emerged.
Then you have to identify strengths,
weaknesses and the things
that motivate you based on the
patterns that emerge.
I knew I was able to lead,
especially to motivate.
Perfect, yes, more or less about
a children's team, is important.
That exercise, I tell you, gives you a
lot of information about yourself
and you will surely discover things
you didn't know.
Because you may have left something
bad that if you think better,
imagine.
In this case, for example, I don't
know if you were receiving any
kind of financial compensation or
session important to you or simply
did it in an altruistic way.
Yes I received.
But you may not be happy with
the relationship of effort,
time, money or reward either.
But that already, each has to
do his own reflection to see if
it really is what you value most
and what motivates you.
I am sure that if then, with a little
more detail, there is no time now
to do so, the analysis or the consequences
will be much richer
in terms of strengths, weaknesses
and motivations,
I am sure.
More complete, more accurate and allows
you to make decisions.
The second step that we will
be proposing is to apply it to
the workplace.
So, let's say, what we want
to do professionally and what
we are doing now.
And for that, what's good is to
ask these three questions.
Choose the two things that have those
experiences for you.
Two, only two, the ones that have
motivated you more.
Now we have the full picture.
When you have the full photo,
of course, this you have to
do once you have the full photo.
The second question is, in your current
job, do you have much or little
of that?
Analyze it a little more.
So why do you have so much?
Why do you have little?
What do you mean by much or little?
What would you miss?
What are you satisfied with and what are
you not?
And you can do that matching, that
correspondence.
I will give an example to help.
I am no longer thinking of myself.
Imagine a person has identified
that what he has most liked
in his life has been creating
new ideas, thinking, etc.,
and relating to other people.
And it turns out that in your current
job you have no possibility
to do either.
Because he works alone, I don't know.
Yes, you do not have the opportunity
to interact with people in your daily
working life and, in addition, because
you may not be allowed to make decisions
or you can not put these new
ideas into practice.
In this case, there is a need
for change, a change in the
workplace.
I don't know if it's not possible in
the short term, but in the medium
term you have to change because
otherwise you'll feel very frustrated.
Because it is totally in
dissonance with the analysis it
has made of what are its strengths
and motivations.
And the third question is, what kind
of work, future or business can be a
business, would give you more to take
advantage of your strengths, to minimize
the effect of weaknesses and,
above all, to increase your
motivation to the maximum?
So that allows you to connect
it with the exercise we have
done before from the airport
to know if in the future work
I am really painting a picture
that is in line with that
type of work that matches
my strengths, weaknesses
and motivations.